Transaction mined -> validated since we're no longer PoW (#13172)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/index.md

## Events and logs {#events-and-logs}

> Events let you communicate with your smart contract from your frontend or other subscribing applications. When a transaction is validated and included in the block, smart contracts can emit events and write logs to the blockchain that the frontend can then process.

Reviewer: LGTM, I'd add a slight wording improvement to previous version.

```suggestion
Events enable your smart contract to communicate with your frontend or other subscribing applications. Once a transaction is validated and added to a block, smart contracts can emit events and log information, which the frontend can then process and utilize.
```
